Now that I'm not in active duty, I find that I'm still working pretty
often, even though I'm not on the clock per se, I still have to bring
my work home with me sometimes. So, for instance, in the US Navy Reserve,
you're supposed to work two days per month, I'm sorry, two days
per month and two weeks per year but I find that I'm working, sometimes
Mondays, sometimes Wednesdays, sometimes Monday Tuesday Wednesday
and Thursday, doing evaluations, making sure that we have some
kind of lunch that we're supposed to go to, making sure that people
have their correct physical training. So, it's not a nine to five job
normally. When I was active duty and I wasn't on deployment and I
was just stationed at my command, you still work many many cases during
night time. So, as long as you just make sure that, you understand
that that could happen, that your wife or your husband understands
that situation, then, you realize that work is work and is what you
have to do.